Hi Fox,
a new revolution has begun in the health insurance industry. The
launch of Revolution Health Insurance Plans. All insurance companies are
now competing to
launch a health insurance plan
that has no competition in the market. To
beat this competition,
ICICI Lombard has launched a health
insurance plan that I
believe cannot be compared to
any other health insurance plan to date
because of the
features it has added. Now,
I even feel that
we will have to name this industry Revolution Industry.
So Fox, stay tuned to this video to know about this health insurance
plan in detail.
If you haven't subscribed to the insurance service yet,
subscribe now
and press the bell icon so
that you keep getting notifications of my videos.
Also, if you want to
purchase your insurance through the insurance service,
you can call us on the number given on the screen.
[Music]
ICICI Lombard has
started a new competition in the health insurance industry.
And the name of this competition is Elevate. Elevate is ICI's
newly launched
health insurance plan. Let me tell you in detail why this Revolution
health insurance plan will be called Revolution.
By the way,
whatever are the features of this health insurance plan, I have
not seen such features in any health insurance plan till now.
Five features have been kept in this health insurance plan, these
five special features, all these five
features have been named IFNA,
Inflating Sum Sum, that is,
not the option of 5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, but
they have added the option of unlimited sum in this policy.
Although the option of unlimited sum has already been
launched in the Platinum of Ekko Health Insurance Plan, but the terms
and conditions in it are a bit tough, which is
not as customer friendly as ICI's
Lord has done with this plan.
In the terms and conditions of this plan, if you
opt for the unlimited sum sum
and your age is above 55, then the
policy will be issued to you only on the basis of telemedical.  There will be
unlimited time limit, that is,
you can make any number of claims within a year, be it a
single claim or
multiple unlimited claims. This is called
unlimited time limit options. The second add-on feature
of Infino is that if you opt for the policy, then
you
can take add-on limiting. Can you believe it?
This means that you have opted for a policy of ₹ lakh
and at any time in your life, after 10 years, after 15 years,
after 20 years, if some such
unfortunate thing is going to happen, a
transplant is going to happen
or there is any such situation in which a
huge claim of crores is going to come, then the
insurance company will pay you more unlimited claims.
This is an add-on feature. A little
additional premium will have to be paid for this. This is a
revolution feature. Third is
Infino. Companies have brought Revolution Health
Insurance Plan, they will do 5x,
cumulative bonus, 10x, many others will do X,
but here
this insurance company has ended the hassle of X,
they have said that
Infino  If this feature is there then you will get lifetime 100%
of the time cover irrespective of any claim.
For example, if you are taking a one time policy of ₹ lakh
and you opt for the Infec bonus
option, then
your time cover will increase 100% every year and for how long will it increase? The
lifetime cover is going to increase for that reason, that is,
your policy of ₹ lakh will become worth
1 crore in 10 years, 2
crore in 20 years, 30 crore in 30 years
and 4 crore in 40 years, that is,
unlimited cumulative bonus. This is also a
revolutionary feature. Fourth
Infec has included five diseases.
Many other insurance companies have also included them
but their rates are very economical.
They have included five diseases if
you have diabetes, hypertension,
asthma, hyperlipidemia i.e.
you have a disease of high cholesterol or
you have CED i.e. coronary artery disease.
You have had any stents done, one or two stents have been done
which are more than one year.  Those who have had more than 1000 diseases, then by
taking finite assurance, you
can get cover for these five diseases from 31 days, meaning that if you have any one of the five
diseases, you can take any health insurance
plan, opt for sum assured of Rs. 5
lakh, 10 lakh or unlimited along with add-on,
you will be covered for infinite diseases from 31 days,
fifth finite
means unlimited restoration will be for the same person, same
illness, there will be no condition of any kind,
this is also a tremendous
revolution, such a revolution has come
in the health insurance industry, this
revolution started with unlimited restoration
and now it has reached unlimited time
limit, this is good for health
insurance, good for customers and good for
all industries and it is beneficial for the customer,
whatever competition is created will be
beneficial for the customer, now let us
talk about other features of this plan,
but before talking about other features of this plan, I want to talk about the features
of this insurance company.  Talking about the fundamentals,
ICICI Lord is the
largest and first private general
insurance company in our country, whose claim settlement
ratio is 99. Its fundamentals are very
good. The company's claim ratio is 78.
Its solvency is 2.5, which means that it has
two and a half times more assets
and money against its liabilities.
If I talk about network hospitals, then it has
15,000 plus network
hospitals and its cashless everywhere is
also very good and is very customer-
friendly. They have an app called IL Care. If
you download it,
you can avail all the services through that IL Care.
Also, its claim process, i.e.,
reimbursement claim process is
also very smooth and customer-friendly. If
you go to IL Care and upload all your documents,
your claim will be settled.
So now let's talk about the
basic features of the Elevate plan because till now I have
talked about special  Talking about the features,
if we talk about the basic features, then the time
limit options start from ₹ lakh and
go up to ₹ crore, along with this,
you have also been given the option of unlimited time limit in this plan. In
this plan, pre-
hospitalization will be of 90 days and post-
hospitalization will be of 180 days, on which there will be
no sub-limit or capping of any kind. Up to time limit will be covered.
Along with this, all the day care procedures will be
covered in it, there is no limit or
list of it. All the day care procedures
recommended by W will be
covered in the Elevate plan, along with
donor expenses.
All the expenses of organ donor will be covered in it.
You can claim for all the treatments like AYUSH treatment, Ayurvedic treatment, Unani Siddha, Ayurvedic. There is no capping or sub-limit of
any kind on domestic road and lanes.
Up to time
limit can be claimed for it. Inpatient
treatment is also complete up to time limit.  There will be an
inbuilt surrogacy cover in this plan.
You understand faux surrogacy, that is,
someone else's womb is being used
for child birth. This is called surrogacy
and what is O-site treatment in it?
O-site is a condition which is a
little similar to surrogacy but is
slightly different from it. In surrogacy,
we use someone else's womb for child birth,
but here, someone else
's womb is used only for fertilization.
After that, the fertilized egg is
then inserted with the original mother and
that child birth is performed.
This is O-site O-site
treatment is also covered in this policy.
Its maximum limit has been kept at ₹ lakh.
Along with this, the reset benefit will be 100% restoration
up to three times. 100% restoration will be
for unlimited same person same illness.
Guaranteed cumulative bonus in bill 20 per
yearly.  It will go up to a maximum of 100% and will
not be reduced in case of a claim. The insurance that I have told you will be
covered. Also, you
can take a wellness program in this, that is, if you follow some
steps and keep yourself healthy,
you will get a discount of up to 30%. All the modern
treatments, robotic surgeries,
all of them will be covered up to the time limit.
An
option of health assistance is also given in this. There are
many other OPD
treatments, their services can be
availed in this. Also, as
I told you about add-ons, you
can take insurance 100% off the time limit. It will increase for
life time
and it will increase even if there is a claim and it will
increase even if there is no claim. When
jump start, jump start, I told you
that if you have any of the five diseases that
you can see on my screen, then you
can get jump start i.e. insurance done. Also, there will be a claim
protector as an add-on, there will be a consumer rider,
all the consumer items have been
covered.  You will be covered if you take the claim
protector as an add-on rider in this plan.
Along with this, there is
also an inflation protector as an add-on.
Your time cover may increase according to inflation.
If you take this as an add-on cover, then
domestic air ambulance has been
kept as an add-on in this plan. The
insurance company believes that
domestic air ambulance is used in very rare cases,
so
its burden of premium should not be borne by every health insurance policy holder.
It has been made an add-on.
If you feel it is needed, then you
can take it as an add-on. Along with this,
dependent accommodation benefit is also given in it.
This is an add-on
cover. If any of your dependents is
hospitalized, then a daily allowance of ₹1 per day will
also be given in it.
If I talk about room rent capping, then there will be a
capping of room rent for a single private room with the inbuilt policy,
but you can get it modified. You
can also take the option of any room category in it.  By paying a little additional premium,
you can also reduce the single private room to a
twin sharing room. To
get a discount on your premium, let's talk about the next add-on cover, that
is Compassionate Visit.
If the stay is in another city or far
away, then the fare for travelling there can be claimed as an add-on
rider.
Maternity benefit will be an add-on cover in this, as
usual, as is the case with their other Advantage plans.
Maternity benefit can be availed after 2 years.
With this plan, you
can reduce it to one year as well. The
maximum limit will be ₹1 lakh.
Durable medical equipment is also
covered in this. Along with the add-on cover, there are
many durable medical equipment
which are prescribed by the doctor,
such as crutches,
wheelchairs, such durable
equipment can also be taken.
Vaccination for newborn baby in the first year
is also an add-on cover.  You can take
newborn baby cover as an add-on.
We can take this cover as an add-on as well. Conveyance
benefit of ₹2000000 per year can be taken.
After hospitalization due to illness,
conveyance benefit will also be given after returning home from the hospital.
Health checkup has also been
kept as an add-on in this. If you feel
that you need a health checkup every year,
then you can take this as an add-on cover and avail
this facility by paying its premium.
Also, like B-Fit, there are
many services in B-Fit,
you
can take consultation under B-Fit. There are many
nutrition consultations and
you can take diagnostic consultation in it. This is
an add-on cover. Teleconsultations will
be unlimited. Any number of
teleconsultations can be taken under this plan. Also, there
is a personal accident network advantage
in this. A network advantage means that
if you take this cover, your
premium will be 10%.  It will be reduced but you will have to get
treatment done in their preferred network hospitals only. If you go for treatment outside the preferred
network treatment hospital,
then you will have to pay a
copayment of 20%. But it is an
add-on feature, if you take it then you will
also get a discount.
Sorry, personal accident is added on in the premium in Premier.
Like other policies, critical illness is also an
add-on here. Like other policies,
you can opt for voluntary copayment.
If you want to reduce the premium, then
you can reduce your premium by taking copayment of 10%, 20%, 30%, 40% and 50%.
This is an add-on cover. It is
your choice whether you take it or not.
Along with this, many discounts are also
given in it. If your credit score is very
good, you have a loan or a credit
card and you pay its EMI on
time, then your credit score becomes
very good. On the basis of which you will be given a
discount of 15% in the premium
along with a wellness discount.
Early renewal discount will be given.
If you submit your renewal before 30 days, then
you will be given a discount of 2.5%. Long tenure
discount means if you purchase a 2 year or 3 year
policy in a single year, then
you will be given a discount of 10% in the first year and 15% in the second year. The
entry age in this plan will be
minimum 18 years and there is no
limit on the maximum entry age. A
person of any age
can enter this plan. If
I talk about dependent child, then the dependent child will be considered as a dependent child in
this policy till the age of 30
and
after turning 31, he/she will be separated from this plan.
You can opt for 1 year, 2 year or 3 year policy. If
I talk about family plan, then this policy can be taken with two adults and three kits
and
as I told you that the time limit for the plan will
start from ₹ 1 lakh to ₹ 75 lakh.  10
lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh, 1 crore,
2 crore, 3 crore and along with this,
options excluding unlimited time are given in this plan,
so in the last, I will talk about the
waiting periods of this plan, so let's talk about the
initial waiting period of the plan, the same as usual will be
30 days, the in-build waiting period of PD will be
36 months in this plan,
but for these five
diseases, you
can get cover for them from 31st day by paying additional premium, specific
illness, for which I had
made an exclusive video for you last week,
its waiting period will be 30 or 24 months only,
if you take a plan for critical illness, then the
initial waiting period will be 90 days, the
waiting period for bariatric surgery will be 24
months, the waiting period for maternity will
be 24 months, but by paying additional premium,
you can make it initial 12 months  The
waiting period
for hypertension and cardiac conditions will be 90 days only
and for maternity 24 months. So
at the end of this video, this is the last but not the least
premium we will talk about. What is the
premium of ICICI Lombard's Elevate plan
because without the premium
this video will be completely incomplete. Here
I have taken the age of 40 years and the family size of two adults and two
kits. Along with this,
at the address of Delhi NCR, your
premium for unlimited sums will be
5510 trimends. I believe that there
cannot be a cheaper plan than this in any health insurance policy. Also, if I
add the protector rider to it, that is, if I
add the consumer benefit rider to it, then the
premium will be
5390. The age is 40 years, the size of two adults and two kits. There
is an option for unlimited sums and
now let's go to a slightly lower time shot as well.
So here we take a time shot of ₹10 lakh in
which I have
added the power booster.  That is, unlimited
cumet bonus has been added. The family size will
remain the same, 40 years old. The premium for two adults and two kits will be
₹
2250. Compare it,
this will be the cheapest among any health insurance plan.
So Fox, how did you like this video? Whatever questions or queries you have
related to this video, that is, related to ICICI
Lombard's Elevate plan,
you
can ask me in my comment box and I will
meet you in my next video. Till then,
Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.